Add allow skip pri otion to syslog. (#30869)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/syslogreceiver/README.md

| `protocol`                          | required     | The protocol to parse the syslog messages as. Options are `rfc3164` and `rfc5424`                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `location`                          | `UTC`        | The geographic location (timezone) to use when parsing the timestamp (Syslog RFC 3164 only). The available locations depend on the local IANA Time Zone database. [This page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) contains many examples, such as `America/New_York`. |
| `enable_octet_counting`             | `false`      | Wether or not to enable [RFC 6587](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6587#section-3.4.1) Octet Counting on syslog parsing (Syslog RFC 5424 and TCP only).                                                                                                                                       |

> | `allow_skip_pri_header`             | `false`      | Allow parsing records without the pri header. If the header is missing the message will be parsed and the priority and facility field will be set to their zero values. By default records without pri header will throw an exception.   For now, this is only supported for standard rfc3164 and rfc5425, not including octet counting or non-transparent framing.                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allow_skip_pri_header`              | `false`          | Allow parsing records without the PRI header. If this setting is enabled, messages without the PRI header will be successfully parsed. The `SeverityNumber` and `SeverityText` fields as well as the `priority` and `facility` attributes will not be set on the log record. If this setting is disabled (the default), messages without PRI header will throw an exception. To set this setting to `true`, the `enable_octet_counting` setting must be `false`.|
```
